User Stories

As the Dean…

1.0 I want a mobile app to easily view events submitted by department heads so that I can know what is occurring in all 9 of the departments in T&C.

1.2 I want the ability to filter events by date of event, date submitted, department, and importance so that my radar shows only the events I want it to show.
1.3 I want a page where my department chairs to have the ability to add events to my radar so that I know what's going on in their department.
1.4 I want each department chair to have their own login accounts (9 departments)
1.6 I want to be able to select between views so that I can visualize the data in different ways, such as a list, event boxes, a visual "radar".
1.7 I want to have a menu bar at the top where I can switch between different views so that it is easy to navigate.
1.8 I want to choose which view is the default. The app will store my choice.
1.9 I want  a view that can display all 9 departments projects/events
1.12 I want to be able to "zoom" in and out from daily, to weekly to monthly views to see everything headed my way at once, or just the most important items that day/week.
1.13 I want editing/admin rights to edit the importance of events/remove events so that I can make necessary corrections to over-zealous/spamming Chairs.
add events to my calendar.
1.15 I want the ability to request notifications for certain events.
1.16 I want the ability to add my own events to my “radar” and select a priority and a date
1.17 I want the events that I add to be different from the events added by department chairs, so I can differentiate the two. 
1.18 I want to be able to click/tap on a single event on the radar so that I can get a more detailed description of the event.
1.19 I want to receive a notification on my phone whenever a new event is added to the radar, so I can always know about upcoming events as soon as possible.
1.21 I want to receive a notification that will link me to the event so I can see the details.
1.22 I want to be able to see a list of new events that I have not yet viewed so that I don't miss anything important.
1.23 It can show notifications once I log in (something visual like a red number, bell or flag) for upcoming events he signed up for. 
1.24 I want to access the app with a username and password from anywhere including different devices (Desktop, tablets, or phone).
1.25 I want the ability to log into a web interface to add events so that I can type information on a keyboard rather than using the touch screen to type.
1.26 I want past events to auto-remove/move to history once the event date has expired.
1.27 I want access to event history so I can see past events either added by me or a department chair.
1.29 I would like to input feedback about items that are both private, for my eyes only, and that can be seen by the Chair Head that submitted it.
1.31 I want a way to quickly compare events like differing colors or sizes based off of importance or department, etc. 
1.32 I would like a contact function where I can tap on the event author’s email address or phone number, in case I need to contact them about the appointment.

As a Department Chair…


2.0 I want to be able to let the Dean know of events/projects that we are doing in our department by submitting event details through a website that syncs with his app. 

2.1 I want to be able to provide the date of the event, a rank describing the importance, a URL for more information and a brief description of the event, so that the Dean knows precisely what the event is about.
I want to app to automatically notify the Dean (through email or through the app itself). 
2.4 They can edit the information at any time
2.5 I want to have my department automatically attached to my event details and sent with the information.
2.7  I want to see all the past events I have submitted.
2.8 I want to be able to edit/delete projects I have already submitted.
2.9 I want to be notified that the Dean has seen my important event/project.